WARM: 7. In children's games, being near the object sought for; hence, being close to the discovery of some person, thing, or fact concealed. 
SPANKER: 4. Something very large, or larger than common; a whopper, as a stout or tall person. [Colloq.] Spanker boom (Naut.), a boom to which a spanker sail is attached. See Illust. of Ship.
GIVE: -- To give points. (a) In games of skill, to equalize chances by conceding a certain advantage; to allow a handicap. (b) To give useful suggestions. [Colloq.] -- To give rein. See under Rein, n.
GOOD: -- Good fellow, a person of companionable qualities. [Familiar] -- Good folk, or Good people, fairies; brownies; pixies, etc. [Colloq. Eng. & Scot.] -- Good for nothing. (a) Of no value; useless; worthless. (b) Used substantively, an idle, worthless person.
LAY: 5. A plan; a scheme. [Slang] Dickens. Lay figure. (a) A jointed model of the human body that may be put in any attitude; -- used for showing the disposition of drapery, etc. (b) A mere puppet; one who serves the will of others without independent volition.
TROUBLE: A fault or interruption in a stratum. To get into trouble, to get into difficulty or danger. [Colloq.] -- To take the trouble, to be at the pains; to exert one's self; to give one's self inconvenience.
BUNCOMBE; BUNKUM: Speech-making for the gratification of constituents, or to gain public applause; flattering talk for a selfish purpose; anything said for mere show. [Cant or Slang, U.S.]
MARINE: 3. A picture representing some marine subject. Tell that to the marines, an expression of disbelief, the marines being regarded by sailors as credulous. 
HOLE: -- Hollow; concavity; aperture; rent; fissure; crevice; orifice; interstice; perforation; excavation; pit; cave; den; cell. Hole and corner, clandestine, underhand. [Colloq.] "The wretched trickery of hole and corner buffery. " Dickens.
AROUND: 2. From one part to another of; at random through; about; on another side of; as, to travel around the country; a house standing around the corner. [Colloq. U. S.]
SCALLOP: Scal"lop, n. Etym: [OF. escalope a shell, probably of German or Dutch origin, and akin to E. scale of a fish; cf. D. schelp shell. See Scale of a fish, and cf. Escalop.] [Written also scollop.]
FIGHTING: 2. Occupied in war; being the scene of a battle; as, a fighting field. Pope. A fighting chance, one dependent upon the issue of a struggle. [Colloq.] -- Fighting crab (Zoöl.), the fiddler crab.
SLAPDASH: To apply, or apply something to, in a hasty, careless, or rough manner; to roughcast; as, to slapdash mortar or paint on a wall, or to slapdash a wall. [Colloq.] Halliwell.
SIZE: To bring or adjust anything exactly to a required dimension, as by cutting. To size up, to estimate or ascertain the character and ability of. See 4th Size, 4. [Slang, U.S.]
CARRY: To have earth or frost stick to the feet when running, as a hare. Johnson. To carry on, to behave in a wild, rude, or romping manner. 
UPPER: -- Upper ten thousand, or (abbreviated) Upper ten, the ten thousand, more or less, who are highest in position or wealth; the upper class; the aristocracy. [Colloq.] -- Upper topsail (Naut.), the upper half of a double topsail.
JUMP: An abrupt interruption of level in a piece of brickwork or masonry. From the jump, from the start or beginning. [Colloq.] -- Jump joint. (a) A butt joint. (b) A flush joint, as of plank in carvel-built vessels.
HORSE: -- Horse marine (Naut.), an awkward, lubbery person; one of a mythical body of marine cavalry. [Slang] -- Horse mussel (Zoöl.), a large, marine mussel (Modiola modiolus), found on the northern shores of Europe and America.
UP: The state of being up or above; a state of elevation, prosperity, or the like; -- rarely occurring except in the phrase ups and downs. [Colloq.] Ups and downs, alternate states of elevation and depression, or of prosperity and the contrary. [Colloq.]
FEATHER: [Colloq.] -- To be in full feather, to be in full dress or in one's best clothes. [Collog.] -- To be in high feather, to be in high spirits. [Collog.] -- To cut a feather. (a) (Naut.) To make the water foam in moving; in allusion to the ripple which a ship throws off from her bows. (b) To make one's self conspicuous.[Colloq.] -- To show the white feather, to betray cowardice, -- a white feather in the tail of a cock being considered an indication that he is not of the true game breed.
KNUCKLE: 6. A contrivance, usually of brass or iron, and furnished with points, worn to protect the hand, to add force to a blow, and to disfigure the person struck; as, brass knuckles; -- called also knuckle duster. [Slang.] Knuckle joint (Mach.), a hinge joint, in which a projection with an eye, on one piece, enters a jaw between two corresponding projections with eyes, on another piece, and is retained by a pin which passes through the eyes and forms the pivot.
EXTRA: Something in addition to what is due, expected, or customary; something in addition to the regular charge or compensation, or for which an additional charge is made; as, at European hotels lights are extras. 
GUINEA-PIG DIRECTOR: A director (usually one holding a number of directorships) who serves merely or mainly for the fee (in England, often a guinea) paid for attendance. 
BOY: Note: Boy is often used as a term of comradeship, as in college, or in the army or navy. In the plural used colloquially of members of an assosiaton, fraternity, or party. Boy bishop, a boy (usually a chorister) elected bishop, in old Christian sports, and invested with robes and other insignia. He practiced a kind of mimicry of the ceremonies in which the bishop usually officiated. The Old Boy, the Devil. [Slang] -- Yellow boys, guineas. [Slang, Eng.] -- Boy's love, a popular English name of Southernwood (Artemisia abrotonum);) -- called also lad's love.
SHELL: 3. To throw shells or bombs upon or into; to bombard; as, to shell a town. To shell out, to distribute freely; to bring out or pay, as money. 
ELEVATE: 6. To intoxicate in a slight degree; to render tipsy. [Colloq. & Sportive] "The elevated cavaliers sent for two tubs of merry stingo."
DONE: [Colloq.] -- Done for, tired out; used up; collapsed; destroyed; dead; killed. [Colloq.] -- Done up. (a) Wrapped up. (b) Worn out; exhausted. 
BACK: To stand still behind another dog which has poined; -- said of a dog. [Eng.] To back and fill, to manage the sails of a ship so that the wind strikes them alternately in front and behind, in order to keep the ship in the middle of a river or channel while the current or tide carries the vessel against the wind. Hence: (Fig.) To take opposite positions alternately; to assert and deny. [Colloq.] -- To back out, To back down, to retreat or withdraw from a promise, engagement, or contest; to recede. 
SPOON: 3. Fig.: A simpleton; a spooney. [Slang] Hood. Spoon bait (Fishing), a lure used in trolling, consisting of a glistening metallic plate shaped like the bowl of a spoon with a fishhook attached.
MESS: A disagreeable mixture or confusion of things; hence, a situation resulting from blundering or from misunderstanding; as, he made a mess of it. 
SWEAT: (any one), by exaction or oppression; as, to sweat a spendthrift; to sweat laborers. [Colloq.] To sweat coin, to remove a portion of a piece of coin, as by shaking it with others in a bag, so that the friction wears off a small quantity of the metal.
BREECHES: 2. Trousers; pantaloons. [Colloq.] Breeches buoy, in the life-saving service, a pair of canvas breeches depending from an annular or beltlike life buoy which is usually of cork. This contrivance, inclosing the person to be rescued, is hung by short ropes from a block which runs upon the hawser stretched from the ship to the shore, and is drawn to land by hauling lines.
DO: -- To do for. (a) To answer for; to serve as; to suit. (b) To put an end to; to ruin; to baffle completely; as, a goblet is done for when it is broken. 
BEAT: To give the signal for, by beat of drum; to sound by beat of drum; as, to beat an alarm, a charge, a parley, a retreat; to beat the general, the reveille, the tattoo. See Alarm, Charge, Parley, etc. To beat down, to haggle with (any one) to secure a lower price; to force down. [Colloq.] -- To beat into, to teach or instill, by repetition.
BUSINESS: -- To make (a thing) one's business, to occupy one's self with a thing as a special charge or duty. [Colloq.] -- To mean business, to be earnest. [Colloq.]
GO: That condition in the course of the game when a player can not lay down a card which will not carry the aggregate count above thirty-one. Great go, Little go, the final and the preliminary examinations for a degree. [Slang, Eng. Univ.] -- No go, a failure; a fiasco. [Slang] Thackeray.
FOLK; FOLKS: 2. People in general, or a separate class of people; -- generally used in the plural form, and often with a qualifying adjective; as, the old folks; poor folks. 
DIP: 4. A dipped candle. [Colloq.] Marryat. Dip of the horizon (Astron.), the angular depression of the seen or visible horizon below the true or natural horizon; the angle at the eye of an observer between a horizontal line and a tangent drawn from the eye to the surface of the ocean.
BOARD: I came on board early; to be on board ship. (b) In or into a railway car or train. [Colloq. U. S.] -- Returning board, a board empowered to canvass and make an official statement of the votes cast at an election. [U.S.]
COME: -- To come to the scratch. (a) (Prize Fighting) To step up to the scratch or mark made in the ring to be toed by the combatants in beginning a contest; hence: (b) To meet an antagonist or a difficulty bravely. [Colloq.] -- To come to time. (a) (Prize Fighting) To come forward in order to resume the contest when the interval allowed for rest is over and "time" is called; hence: (b) To keep an appointment; to meet expectations. [Colloq.] -- To come together. (a) To meet for business, worship, etc.; to assemble. Acts i. 6. (b) To live together as man and wife. Matt. i. 18.
SMELL: To smell a rat, to have a sense of something wrong, not clearly evident; to have reason for suspicion. [Colloq.] -- To smell out, to find out by sagacity. 
RED-LIGHT DISTRICT: A district or neighborhood in which disorderly resorts are frequent; -- so called in allusion to the red light kept in front of many such resorts at night. [Colloq. or Cant]
RIGHT-ABOUT: A turning directly about by the right, so as to face in the opposite direction; also, the quarter directly opposite; as, to turn to the right-about. To send to the right-about, to cause to turn toward the opposite point or quarter; -- hence, of troops, to cause to turn and retreat. [Colloq.] Sir W. Scott.
STUMP: 4. To travel over, delivering speeches for electioneering purposes; as, to stump a State, or a district. See To go on the stump, under Stump, n. [Colloq. U.S.]
NECK: the point where the base of the stem of a plant arises from the root. Neck and crop, completely; wholly; altogether; roughly and at once. [Colloq.] -- Neck and neck (Racing), so nearly equal that one cannot be said to be before the other; very close; even; side by side.
DARK: Note: Dark is sometimes used to qualify another adjective; as, dark blue, dark green, and sometimes it forms the first part of a compound; as, dark-haired, dark-eyed, dark-colored, dark-seated, dark-working. A dark horse, in racing or politics, a horse or a candidate whose chances of success are not known, and whose capabilities have not been made the subject of general comment or of wagers. [Colloq.] -- Dark house, Dark room, a house or room in which madmen were confined. [Obs.] Shak.
ROTATE: 2. To cause to succeed in turn; esp., to cause to succeed some one, or to be succeeded by some one, in office. [Colloq.] "Both, after a brief service, were rotated out of office." Harper's Mag.
ROAD: -- To go on the road, to engage in the business of a commercial traveler. [Colloq.] -- To take the road, to begin or engage in traveling.
CHANGE: [Colloq.] -- To change step, to take a break in the regular succession of steps, in marching or walking, as by bringing the hollow of one foot against the heel of the other, and then stepping off with the foot which is in advance.
KEEP: (b) To accompany; to go with; as, to keep company with one on a voyage; also, to pay court to, or accept attentions from, with a view to marriage. [Colloq.] -- To keep counsel. See under Counsel, n.
IN: [Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship, familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
SEE: -- To see stars, to see flashes of light, like stars; -- sometimes the result of concussion of the head. [Colloq.] -- To see (one) through, to help, watch, or guard (one) to the end of a course or an undertaking.
WIRE: 2. A telegraph wire or cable; hence, an electric telegraph; as, to send a message by wire. [Colloq.] Wire bed, Wire mattress, an elastic bed bottom or mattress made of wires interwoven or looped together in various ways.
HANG: "We are all of a piece; we hang together." Dryden. (b) To be self- consistent; as, the story does not hang together. [Colloq.] -- To hang upon. (a) To regard with passionate affection. (b) (Mil.) To hover around; as, to hang upon the flanks of a retreating enemy.
MORTAR: -- Mortar board. (a) A small square board with a handle beneath, for holding mortar; a hawk. (b) A cap with a broad, projecting, square top; -- worn by students in some colleges. [Slang]
BLEED: 6. To pay or lose money; to have money drawn or extorted; as, to bleed freely for a cause. [Colloq.] To make the heart bleed, to cause extreme pain, as from sympathy or pity.
CAVE: To cave in. Etym: [Flem. inkalven.] (a) To fall in and leave a hollow, as earth on the side of a well or pit. (b) To submit; to yield. [Slang] H. Kingsley.
SET: To intoxicate. [Slang] (j) (Print.) To put in type; as, to set up copy; to arrange in words, lines, etc., ready for printing; as, to set up type.
GO: -- To go it blind. (a) To act in a rash, reckless, or headlong manner. [Slang] (b) (Card Playing) To bet without having examined the cards.
CHUCK: A piece of the backbone of an animal, from between the neck and the collar bone, with the adjoining parts, cut for cooking; as, a chuck steak; a chuck roast. 
COLLOGUE: To talk or confer secretly and confidentially; to converse, especially with evil intentions; to plot mischief. [Archaic or Colloq.]
DIDDLER: A cheat. [Colloq.] Jeremy Diddler, a character in a play by James Kenney, entitled "Raising the wind." The name is applied to any needy, tricky, constant borrower; a confidence man.
RIGHT: U.S.] -- Right away, or Right off, at once; straightway; without delay. [Colloq. U.S.] "We will . . . shut ourselves up in the office and do the work right off." D. Webster.
GO: -- To go in, to engage in; to take part. [Colloq.] -- To go in and out, to do the business of life; to live; to have free access. John x. 9.
RIGHT: -- Right and left, in both or all directions. [Colloq.] -- Right and left coupling (Pipe fitting), a coupling the opposite ends of which are tapped for a right-handed screw and a left-handed screw, respectivelly.
BRING: Note: [v. i. by dropping the reflexive pronoun] To stop suddenly; to come to a standstill. [Colloq.] -- To bring up (any one) with a round turn, to cause (any one) to stop abruptly. [Colloq.] -- To be brought to bed. See under Bed.
ALL: -- All over, over the whole extent; thoroughly; wholly; as, she is her mother all over. [Colloq.] -- All the better, wholly the better; that is, better by the whole difference.
SHADY: 3. Of or pertaining to shade or darkness; hence, unfit to be seen or known; equivocal; dubious or corrupt. [Colloq.] "A shady business."
RACK: -- To live at rack and manger, to live on the best at another's expense. [Colloq.] -- To put to the rack, to subject to torture; to torment.
HIGH: -- To be on a high horse, to be on one's dignity; to bear one's self loftily. [Colloq.] -- With a high hand. (a) With power; in force; triumphantly. "The children of Israel went out with a high hand." Ex. xiv. 8.(b) In an overbearing manner, arbitrarily. "They governed the city with a high hand." Jowett (Thucyd. ).
HOE: To cut, dig, scrape, turn, arrange, or clean, with a hoe; as, to hoe the earth in a garden; also, to clear from weeds, or to loosen or arrange the earth about, with a hoe; as, to hoe corn. To hoe one's row, to do one's share of a job. 
NICE: 7. Pleasing; agreeable; gratifying; delightful; good; as, a nice party; a nice excursion; a nice person; a nice day; a nice sauce, etc. [Loosely & Colloquially] To make nice of, to be scrupulous about. [Obs.] Shak.
SPONGE: -- To throw up the sponge, to give up a contest; to acknowledge defeat; -- from a custom of the prize ring, the person employed to sponge a pugilist between rounds throwing his sponge in the air in token of defeat. [Cant or Slang] "He was too brave a man to throw up the sponge to fate." Lowell.
HORSEFLESH: 2. Horses, generally; the qualities of a horse; as, he is a judge of horseflesh. [Colloq.] Horseflesh ore (Min.), a miner's name for bornite, in allusion to its peculiar reddish color on fresh facture.
SHIN: 1. To climb a mast, tree, rope, or the like, by embracing it alternately with the arms and legs, without help of steps, spurs, or the like; -- used with up; as, to shin up a mast. [Slang]
BUNKO: A kind of swindling game or scheme, by means of cards or by a sham lottery. [Written also bunco.] Bunko steerer, a person employed as a decoy in bunko. [Slang, U.S.]
CUT: -- To cut up. (a) To play pranks. [Colloq.] (b) To divide into portions well or ill; to have the property left at one's death turn out well or poorly when divided among heirs, legatees, etc. [Slang.]
MITTEN: 2. A cover for the wrist and forearm. To give the mitten to, to dismiss as a lover; to reject the suit of. [Colloq.] -- To handle without mittens, to treat roughly; to handle without gloves.
BOUNTY: 4. A premium offered or given to induce men to enlist into the public service; or to encourage any branch of industry, as husbandry or manufactures. Bounty jumper, one who, during the latter part of the Civil War, enlisted in the United States service, and deserted as soon as possible after receiving the bounty. [Collog.] -- Queen Anne's bounty (Eng. Hist.), a provision made in Queen Anne's reign for augmenting poor clerical livings.
LIE: -- To lie low, to remain in concealment or inactive. [Slang] -- To lie on hand, To lie on one's hands, to remain unsold or unused; as, the goods are still lying on his hands; they have too much time lying on their hands.
CHIP: -- A chip off the old block, a child who resembles either of his parents. [Colloq.] Milton.- Potato chips, Saratoga chips, thin slices of raw potato fried crisp.
FUNK: 2. To be frightened, and shrink back; to flinch; as, to funk at the edge of a precipice. [Colloq.] C. Kingsley. To funk out, to back out in a cowardly fashion. [Colloq.]
TURN: -- To turn in. (a) To fold or double under; as, to turn in the edge of cloth. (b) To direct inwards; as, to turn the toes in when walking. (c) To contribute; to deliver up; as, he turned in a large amount. [Colloq.] -- To turn in the mind, to revolve, ponder, or meditate upon; -- with about, over, etc. " Turn these ideas about in your mind." I. Watts.
RUM: A kind of intoxicating liquor distilled from cane juice, or from the scumming of the boiled juice, or from treacle or molasses, or from the lees of former distillations. Also, sometimes used colloquially as a generic or a collective name for intoxicating liquor. Rum bud, a grog blossom. [Colloq.] -- Rum shrub, a drink composed of rum, water, sugar, and lime juice or lemon juice, with some flavoring extract.
FAIR: Clearly; openly; frankly; civilly; honestly; favorably; auspiciously; agreeably. Fair and square, justly; honestly; equitably; impartially. [Colloq.] -- To bid fair. See under Bid.
GARDEN: -- Garden stuff, vegetables raised in a garden. [Colloq.] -- Garden syringe, a syringe for watering plants, sprinkling them with solutions for destroying insects, etc.
MAHOGANY: 3. A table made of mahogany wood. [Colloq.] To be under the mahogany, to be so drunk as to have fallen under the table. [Eng.] -- To put one's legs under some one's mahogany, to dine with him. [Slang]
BLARNEY: Smooth, wheedling talk; flattery. [Colloq.] Blarney stone, a stone in Blarney castle, Ireland, said to make those who kiss it proficient in the use of blarney.
CASH: -- Cash boy, in large retail stores, a messenger who carries the money received by the salesman from customers to a cashier, and returns the proper change. [Colloq.] -- Cash credit, an account with a bank by which a person or house, having given security for repayment, draws at pleasure upon the bank to the extent of an amount agreed upon; -- called also bank credit and cash account.
STOVEPIPE: Pipe made of sheet iron in length and angular or curved pieces fitting together, -- used to connect a portable stove with a chimney flue. Stovepipe hat, the common tall silk hat. [Slang, U.S.]
STRIPE: 6. Color indicating a party or faction; hence, distinguishing characteristic; sign; likeness; sort; as, persons of the same political stripe. [Colloq. U.S.]
STRIKE: figuratively, to make a lucky hit financially. [Slang, U.S.] -- To strike one luck, to shake hands with one and wish good luck. [Obs.]
BUCKET SHOP: An office or a place where facilities are given for betting small sums on current prices of stocks, petroleum, etc. [Slang, U.S.]
SHEET: Note: Sheet is often used adjectively, or in combination, to denote that the substance to the name of which it is prefixed is in the form of sheets, or thin plates or leaves; as, sheet brass, or sheet-brass; sheet glass, or sheet-glass; sheet gold, or sheet-gold; sheet iron, or sheet-iron, etc. A sheet in the wind, half drunk. [Sailors' Slang]
FOOL: [Colloq.] -- To play the fool, to act the buffoon; to act a foolish part. "I have played the fool, and have erred exceedingly." 1 Sam. xxvi. 21.
CALICO: Made of, or having the apperance of, calico; -- often applied to an animal, as a horse or cat, on whose body are large patches of a color strikingly different from its main color. [Colloq. U. S.]
LET: -- To let off (a) To discharge; to let fly, as an arrow; to fire the charge of, as a gun. (b) To release, as from an engagement or obligation. [Colloq.] To let out. (a) To allow to go forth; as, to let out a prisoner. (b) To extend or loosen, as the folds of a garment; to enlarge; to suffer to run out, as a cord. (c) To lease; to give out for performance by contract, as a job. (d) To divulge.
CHANGE: A place where merchants and others meet to transact business; a building appropriated for mercantile transactions. [Colloq. for Exchange.]
MOHAWK: 2. One of certain ruffians who infested the streets of London in the time of Addison, and took the name from the Mohawk Indians. [Slang]
KNOCK: -- To knock up. (a) To arouse by knocking. (b) To beat or tire out; to fatigue till unable to do more; as, the men were entirely knocked up. [Colloq.] "The day being exceedingly hot, the want of food had knocked up my followers." Petherick. (c) (Bookbinding) To make even at the edges, or to shape into book form, as printed sheets.
FLOORER: Anything that floors or upsets a person, as a blow that knocks him down; a conclusive answer or retort; a task that exceeds one's abilities. [Colloq.]
CUT: -- To cut a dash or a figure, to make a display. [Colloq.] -- To cut down. (a) To sever and cause to fall; to fell; to prostrate. "Timber
STICK: -- To stick up for, to assert and defend; as, to stick up for one's rights or for a friend. [Colloq.] -- To stick upon, to dwell upon; not to forsake. "If the matter be knotty, the mind must stop and buckle to it, and stick upon it with labor and thought." Locke.
SWELL: Having the characteristics of a person of rank and importance; showy; dandified; distinguished; as, a swell person; a swell neighborhood. [Slang] Swell mob. See under Mob. [Slang]
SNAP: 12. Any circumstance out of which money may be made or an advantage gained. [Slang] Snap back (Football), the act of snapping back the ball.
GIVEN: 3. Stated; fixed; as, in a given time. Given name, the Christian name, or name given by one's parents or guardians, as distinguished from the surname, which is inherited. 
DO: To put up; to raise. [Obs.] Chaucer. (b) To pack together and envelop; to pack up. (c) To accomplish thoroughly. [Colloq.] (d) To starch and iron. "A rich gown of velvet, and a ruff done up with the famous yellow starch." Hawthorne.
OFF: -- To be off. (a) To depart; to escape; as, he was off without a moment's warning. (b) To be abandoned, as an agreement or purpose; as, the bet was declared to be off. [Colloq.] -- To come off, To cut off, To fall off, To go off, etc. See under Come, Cut, Fall, Go, etc.
HEAD: -- Neither head nor tail, neither beginning nor end; neither this thing nor that; nothing distinct or definite; -- a phrase used in speaking of what is indefinite or confused; as, they made neither head nor tail of the matter. [Colloq.] -- Head wind, a wind that blows in a direction opposite the vessel's course.
LEMON: -- Salts of lemon (Chem.), a white crystalline substance, inappropriately named, as it consists of an acid potassium oxalate and contains no citric acid, which is the characteristic acid of lemon; -- called also salis of sorrel. It is used in removing ink stains. See Oxalic acid, under Oxalic. 
HOOK: -- Off the hooks, unhinged; disturbed; disordered. [Colloq.] "In the evening, by water, to the Duke of Albemarle, whom I found mightly off the hooks that the ships are not gone out of the river." Pepys.
GUNNER: (b) The sea bream. [Prov. Eng. or Irish] Gunner's daughter, the gun to which men or boys were lashed for punishment. [Sailor's slang] W.
LAUGH: -- To laugh out of the other corner (or side) of the mouth, to weep or cry; to feel regret, vexation, or disappointment after hilarity or exaltation. [Slang]
BETTER: 4. More, in reference to value, distance, time, etc.; as, ten miles and better. [Colloq.] To think better of (any one), to have a more favorable opinion of any one.
SCRATCH: [Slang] Scratch race, one without restrictions regarding the entrance of competitors; also, one for which the competitors are chosen by lot.
MONKEY: To act or treat as a monkey does; to ape; to act in a grotesque or meddlesome manner. To monkey with, to handle in a meddlesome manner. 
CLEAN: To render clean; to free from whatever is foul, offensive, or extraneous; to purify; to cleanse. To clean out, to exhaust; to empty; to get away from (one) all his money. [Colloq.] De Quincey.
BURN: 5. In certain games, to approach near to a concealed object which is sought. [Colloq.] To burn out, to burn till the fuel is exhausted.
BODKIN: 5. A kind of pin used by women to fasten the hair. To sit, ride, or travel bodkin, to sit closely wedged between two persons. [Colloq.]
CONSTITUTIONAL: 5. For the benefit or one's constitution or health; as, a constitutional walk. [Colloq.] Constitutional law, law that relates to the constitution, as a permanent system of political and juridical government, as distinguished from statutory and common law, which relate to matters subordinate to such constitution.
POSSUM: An opossum. [Colloq. U. S.] To play possum, To act possum, to feign ignorance, indifference or inattention, with the intent to deceive; to dissemble; -- in allusion to the habit of the opossum, which feigns death when attacked or alarmed.
WATER: -- To keep one's head above water, to keep afloat; fig., to avoid failure or sinking in the struggles of life. [Colloq.] -- To make water. (a) To pass urine. Swift. (b) (Naut.) To admit water; to leak.
HITCH: 2. To move with hitches; as, he hitched his chair nearer. To hitch up. (a) To fasten up. (b) To pull or raise with a jerk; as, a sailor hitches up his trousers. (c) To attach, as a horse, to a vehicle; as, hitch up the gray mare. 
SNEEZE: To emit air, chiefly through the nose, audibly and violently, by a kind of involuntary convulsive force, occasioned by irritation of the inner membrane of the nose. Not to be sneezed at, not to be despised or contemned; not to be treated lightly. [Colloq.] "He had to do with old women who were not to be sneezed at." Prof. Wilson.
GALLOWS: A pair of suspenders or braces. [Colloq.] Gallows bird, a person who deserves the gallows. [Colloq.] -- Gallows bitts (Naut.), one of two or more frames amidships on deck for supporting spare spars; -- called also gallows, gallows top, gallows frame, etc.
DEAL: 4. An arrangement to attain a desired result by a combination of interested parties; -- applied to stock speculations and political bargains. [Slang]
ENGINEER: 3. One who carries through an enterprise by skillful or artful contrivance; an efficient manager. [Colloq.] Civil engineer, a person skilled in the science of civil engineering.
EARTH: -- On earth, an intensive expression, oftenest used in questions and exclamations; as, What on earth shall I do Nothing on earth will satisfy him. 
TRUCK: 2. Commodities appropriate for barter, or for small trade; small commodities; esp., in the United States, garden vegetables raised for the market. 
SELL: [Slang] Dickens. To sell one's life dearly, to cause much loss to those who take one's life, as by killing a number of one's assailants.
CRANK: 5. A person full of crotchets; one given to fantastic or impracticable projects; one whose judgment is perverted in respect to a particular matter. 
PETTICOAT: A loose under-garment worn by women, and covering the body below the waist. Petticoat government, government by women, whether in politics or domestic affairs. [Colloq.] -- Petticoat pipe
LICK: 2. A quick and careless application of anything, as if by a stroke of the tongue, or of something which acts like a tongue; as, to put on colors with a lick of the brush. Also, a small quantity of any substance so applied. [Colloq.]
PAN: 2. To turn out (profitably or unprofitably); to result; to develop; as, the investigation, or the speculation, panned out poorly. [Slang, U. S.]
GLOVE: -- To handle without gloves, to treat without reserve or tenderness; to deal roughly with. [Colloq.] -- To take up the glove, to accept a challenge or adopt a quarrel.
PICKLE: 4. A troublesome child; as, a little pickle. [Colloq.] To be in a pickle, to be in disagreeable position; to be in a condition of embarrassment, difficulty, or disorder. "How cam'st thou in this pickle" Shak.
GAG: 3. A speech or phrase interpolated offhand by an actor on the stage in his part as written, usually consisting of some seasonable or local allusion. [Slang] Gag rein (Harness), a rein for drawing the bit upward in the horse's mouth.
TAKE: embrace; to comprise; to comprehend. (c) To draw into a smaller compass; to contract; to brail or furl; as, to take in sail. (d) To cheat; to circumvent; to gull; to deceive. [Colloq.] (e) To admit; to receive; as, a leaky vessel will take in water. (f) To win by conquest. [Obs.]
DOCTOR: 3. To tamper with and arrange for one's own purposes; to falsify; to adulterate; as, to doctor election returns; to doctor whisky. [Slang]
GO: (a) To retrace (one's path or footsteps). (b) To abandon; to turn against; to betray. [Slang, U. S.] -- To go below (Naut), to go below deck.
OUTSIDE: 4. One who, or that which, is without; hence, an outside passenger, as distinguished from one who is inside. See Inside, n. 3. [Colloq. Eng.]
DOPE: 4.  Information concerning the previous performances of race horses, or other facts concerning them which may be of assistance in judging of their chances of winning future races; sometimes, similar information concerning other sports. [Sporting Slang]
SHAVE: 5. To strip; to plunder; to fleece. [Colloq.] To shave a note, to buy it at a discount greater than the legal rate of interest, or to deduct in discounting it more than the legal rate allows. [Cant, U.S.]
LET: 2. To be let or leased; as, the farm lets for $500 a year. See note under Left, v. i. To let on, to tell; to tattle; to divulge something. [Low] -- To let up, to become less severe; to diminish; to cease; as, when the storm lets up. 
FAINTING: Syncope, or loss of consciousness owing to a sudden arrest of the blood supply to the brain, the face becoming pallid, the respiration feeble, and the heat's beat weak. Fainting fit, a fainting or swoon; syncope. [Colloq.]
HAW: To cause to turn, as a team, to the near side, or toward the driver; as, to haw a team of oxen. To haw and gee, or To haw and gee about, to lead this way and that at will; to lead by the nose; to master or control. 
STUMP: -- To go on the stump, or To take the stump, to engage in making public addresses for electioneering purposes; -- a phrase derived from the practice of using a stump for a speaker's platform in newly- settled districts. Hence also the phrases stump orator, stump speaker, stump speech, stump oratory, etc. [Colloq. U.S.]
STORE: -- Store clothes, clothing purchased at a shop or store; -- in distinction from that which is home-made. [Colloq. U.S.] -- Store pay, payment for goods or work in articles from a shop or store, instead of money. [U.S.] -- To set store by, to value greatly; to have a high appreciation of.
SHADY: On the shady side of, on the thither side of; as, on the shady side of fifty; that is, more than fifty. [Colloq.] -- To keep shady, to stay in concealment; also, to be reticent. [Slang]
FIZZLE: To fizzle out, to burn with a hissing noise and then go out, like wet gunpowder; hence, to fail completely and ridicuously; to prove a failure. 
HOLD: -- commonly used in a negative sense; as, his statements will not hold water. [Collog.] (b) (Naut.) To hold the oars steady in the water, thus checking the headway of a boat.
WITCH: 3. One who exercises more than common power of attraction; a charming or bewitching person; also, one given to mischief; -- said especially of a woman or child. 
BOOM: 2. A strong and extensive advance, with more or less noisy excitement; -- applied colloquially or humorously to market prices, the demand for stocks or commodities and to political chances of aspirants to office; as, a boom in the stock market; a boom in coffee. [Colloq. U. S.]
UP: (b) To destroy by an explosion from beneath. (c) To explode; as, the boiler blew up. (d) To reprove angrily; to scold. [Slang] -- To bring up. See under Bring, v. t.
CROSS: Athwart; across. [Archaic or Colloq.] A fox was taking a walk one night cross a village. L'Estrange. To go cross lots, to go across the fields; totake a short cut. 
HORN: [Colloq.] -- To raise, or lift, the horn (Script.), to exalt one's self; to act arrogantly. "'Gainst them that raised thee dost thou lift thy horn" Milton.
UP: -- To be up to. (a) To be equal to, or prepared for; as, he is up to the business, or the emergency. [Colloq.] (b) To be engaged in; to purpose, with the idea of doing ill or mischief; as, I don't know what he's up to. [Colloq.] -- To blow up. (a) To inflate; to distend.
TRUSS: 5. To execute by hanging; to hang; -- usually with up. [Slang.] Sir W. Scott. To truss a person or one's self, to adjust and fasten the clothing of; especially, to draw tight and tie the laces of garments.
MORTAL: 7. Very painful or tedious; wearisome; as, a sermon lasting two mortal hours. [Colloq.] Sir W. Scott. Mortal foe, Mortal enemy, an inveterate, desperate, or implacable enemy; a foe bent on one's destruction.
GRIST: 3. In rope making, a given size of rope, common grist being a rope three inches in circumference, with twenty yarns in each of the three strands. Knight. All is grist that comes to his mill, all that he has anything to do with is a source of profit. [Colloq.] -- To bring grist to the maill, to bring profitable business into one's hands; to be a source of profit. [Colloq.] Ayliffe.
TALK: 3. To prate; to speak impertinently. [Colloq.] To talk of, to relate; to tell; to give an account of; as, authors talk of the wonderful remains of Palmyra. "The natural histories of Switzerland talk much of the fall of these rocks, and the great damage done." Addison.
GRAB: Grab hag, at fairs, a bag or box holding small articles which are to be drawn, without being seen, on payment of a small sum. [Colloq.] -- Grab game, a theft committed by grabbing or snatching a purse or other piece of property. 
COME: -- To come off. (a) To depart or pass off from. (b) To get free; to get away; to escape. (c) To be carried through; to pass off; as, it came off well. (d) To acquit one's self; to issue from (a contest, etc.); as, he came off with honor; hence, substantively, a come off, an escape; an excuse; an evasion. [Colloq.] (e) To pay over; to give.
COME: (e) To circumvent; to wheedle. [Colloq.] -- To come short, to be deficient; to fail of attaining. "All have sinned and come short of the glory of God." Rom. iii. 23.
BLOW: -- To blow up. (a) To fill with air; to swell; as, to blow up a bladder or bubble. (b) To inflate, as with pride, self-conceit, etc.; to puff up; as, to blow one up with flattery. "Blown up with high conceits engendering pride." Milton. (c) To excite; as, to blow up a contention.(d) To burst, to raise into the air, or to scatter, by an explosion; as, to blow up a fort. (e) To scold violently; as, to blow up a person for some offense. 
GIVE: -- To give one's self away, to make an inconsiderate surrender of one's cause, an unintentional disclosure of one's purposes, or the like. [Colloq.] -- To give out. (a) To utter publicly; to report; to announce or declare.
TURN: [Colloq.] (d) To come abroad; to appear; as, not many turned out to the fire. (e) To prove in the result; to issue; to result; as, the cropsturned out poorly.
PULL: 7. Something in one's favor in a comparison or a contest; an advantage; means of influencing; as, in weights the favorite had the pull. [Slang]
FOOT: -- To put one's foot down, to take a resolute stand; to be determined. [Colloq.] -- To put the best foot foremost, to make a good appearance; to do one's best. [Colloq.] -- To set on foot, to put in motion; to originate; as, to set on foot a subscription.
HANG: project. (b) To be unyielding; as, the juryman hangs out against an agreement. [Colloq.] (c) to lounge around a particular place; as, teenageers tend to hang out at the mall these days -- To hang over.
KNOCK: -- To knock in the head, or on the head, to stun or kill by a blow upon the head; hence, to put am end to; to defeat, as a scheme or project; to frustrate; to quash. [Colloq.] -- To knock off. (a) To force off by a blow or by beating. (b) To assign to a bidder at an auction, by a blow on the counter. (c) To leave off (work, etc.).
SQUARE: -- On the square, or Upon the square, in an open, fair manner; honestly, or upon honor. [Obs. or Colloq.] -- On, or Upon, the square with, upon equality with; even with. Nares.
GRECIAN: Of or pertaining to Greece; Greek. Grecian bend, among women, an affected carriage of the body, the upper part being inclined forward. [Collog.] -- Grecian fire. See Greek fire, under Greek.
STOCK: -- To take stock in. (a) To subscribe for, or purchase, shares in a stock company. (b) To put faith in; to accept as trustworthy; as, to take stock in a person's fidelity. [Slang] -- To take stock of, to take account of the stock of; to take an inventory of; hence, to ascertain the facts in regard to (something). [Eng.]
LAST: -- On one's last legs, at, or near, the end of one's resources; hence, on the verge of failure or ruin, especially in a financial sense. [Colloq.] -- To breathe one's last, to die.
BONANZA: In mining, a rich mine or vein of silver or gold; hence, anything which is a mine of wealth or yields a large income. [Colloq. U. S.]
FIRE: -- Fire eater. (a) A juggler who pretends to eat fire. (b) A quarrelsome person who seeks affrays; a hotspur. [Colloq.] -- Fire engine, a portable forcing pump, usually on wheels, for throwing water to extinguish fire.
GROG: A mixture of spirit and water not sweetened; hence, any intoxicating liquor. Grog blossom, a redness on the nose or face of persons who drink ardent spirits to excess. [Collog.]
OUTSIDE: 2. Reaching the extreme or farthest limit, as to extent, quantity, etc.; as, an outside estimate. [Colloq.] Outside finish (Arch.), a term for the minor parts, as corner boards, hanging stiles, etc., required to complete the exterior of a wooden building; -- rare in masonry.
DODGE: The act of evading by some skillful movement; a sudden starting aside; hence, an artful device to evade, deceive, or cheat; a cunning trick; an artifice. 
DOPE: (b) To administer a stimulant to (a horse) to increase his speed. It is a serious offense against the laws of racing. [Race-track Slang]
POLISH: 2. Hence, to refine; to wear off the rudeness, coarseness, or rusticity of; to make elegant and polite; as, to polish life or manners. Milton. To polish off, to finish completely, as an adversary. [Slang] W. H. Russell.
DOCKET: 4. A list or calendar of business matters to be acted on in any assembly. On the docket, in hand; in the plan; under consideration; in process of execution or performance. 
DUTCH: -- Dutch concert, a so-called concert in which all the singers sing at the same time different songs. [Slang] -- Dutch courage, the courage of partial intoxication. [Slang] Marryat.
GOOSE EGG: In games, a zero; a score or record of naught; -- so named in allusion to the egglike outline of the zero sign 0. Called also duck egg. [Slang]
RAISE: -- To raise the wind, to procure ready money by some temporary expedient. [Colloq.] -- To raise Cain, or To raise the devil, to cause a great disturbance; to make great trouble. [Slang]
WELSHER: One who cheats at a horse race; one who bets, without a chance of being able to pay; one who receives money to back certain horses and absconds with it. [Written also welcher.] [Slang, Eng.]
SLY: 4. Light or delicate; slight; thin. [Obs.] By the sly, or On the sly, in a sly or secret manner. [Colloq.] "Gazed on Hetty's charms by the sly." G. Eliot.
TROT: To cause to move, as a horse or other animal, in the pace called a trot; to cause to run without galloping or cantering. To trot out, to lead or bring out, as a horse, to show his paces; hence, to bring forward, as for exhibition. [Slang.]
CROWD: 4. To press by solicitation; to urge; to dun; hence, to treat discourteously or unreasonably. [Colloq.] To crowd out, to press out; specifically, to prevent the publication of; as, the press of other matter crowded out the article.
JENKINS: name of contempt for a flatterer of persons high in social or official life; as, the Jenkins employed by a newspaper. [Colloq. Eng. & U.S.] G. W. Curtis.
TRUE: Note: True is sometimes used elliptically for It is true. Out of true, varying from correct mechanical form, alignment, adjustment, etc.; -- said of a wall that is not perpendicular, of a wheel whose circumference is not in the same plane, and the like. [Colloq.] -- A true bill (Law), a bill of indictment which is returned by the grand jury so indorsed, signifying that the charges to be true.
STAGE: -- Stage whisper, a loud whisper, as by an actor in a theater, supposed, for dramatic effect, to be unheard by one or more of his fellow actors, yet audible to the audience; an aside. stage of the game, [Colloq.] stage n. 10.
LEAD: 3. A small cylinder of black lead or plumbago, used in pencils. Black lead, graphite or plumbago, ; -- so called from its leadlike appearance and streak. [Colloq.] -- Coasting lead, a sounding lead intermediate in weight between a hand lead and deep-sea lead.
SHAVE: 5. The act of passing very near to, so as almost to graze; as, the bullet missed by a close shave. [Colloq.] Shave grass (Bot.), the scouring rush. See the Note under Equisetum.
CROSS: -- To do a thing on the cross, to act dishonestly; -- opposed to acting on the square. [Slang] -- To take up the cross, to bear troubles and afflictions with patience from love to Christ.
SPORT: 7. A sportsman; a gambler. [Slang] In sport, in jest; for play or diversion. "So is the man that deceiveth his neighbor, and saith, Am not I in sport" Prov. xxvi. 19.
SUGAR: 3. Compliment or flattery used to disguise or render acceptable something obnoxious; honeyed or soothing words. [Colloq.] Acorn sugar. See Quercite.
BLUE-SKYLAW: A law enacted to provide for the regulation and supervision of investment companies in order to protect the public against companies that do not intend to do a fair and honest business and that offer investments that do not promise a fair return; -- so called because the promises made by some investment companies are as boundless or alluring as the blue sky, or, perhaps, because designed to clear away the clouds and fogs from the simple investor's horizon. 
HOLLOW: Wholly; completely; utterly; -- chiefly after the verb to beat, and often with all; as, this story beats the other all hollow. See All, adv. [Collog.]
MOUTH: Down in the mouth, chapfallen; of dejected countenance; depressed; discouraged. [Obs. or Colloq.] -- Mouth friend, one who professes friendship insincerely. Shak.
HIKE: To hike one's self; specif., to go with exertion or effort; to tramp; to march laboriously. [Dial. or Colloq.] "If you persist in heaving and hiking like this."  Kipling.
HIEROGLYPH; HIEROGLYPHIC: 2. Any character or figure which has, or is supposed to have, a hidden or mysterious significance; hence, any unintelligible or illegible character or mark. [Colloq.]
TARTAR: 2. A person of a keen, irritable temper. To catch a tartar, to lay hold of, or encounter, a person who proves too strong for the assailant. [Colloq.]
STICK: 11. To impose upon; to compel to pay; sometimes, to cheat. [Slang] To stick out, to cause to project or protrude; to render prominent.
JOB: The hero of the book of that name in the Old Testament; the typical patient man. Job's comforter. (a) A false friend; a tactless or malicious person who, under pretense of sympathy, insinuates rebukes. (b) A boil. [Colloq.] -- Job's news, bad news. Carlyle.
NOSE: -- To put one's nose out of joint, to humiliate one's pride, esp. by supplanting one in the affections of another. [Slang] -- To thrust one's nose into, to meddle officiously in.
NICKEL: 2. A small coin made of or containing nickel; esp., a five-cent piece. [Colloq. U.S.] Nickel silver, an alloy of nickel, copper, and zinc; -- usually called german silver; called also argentan.
WIND: - To be in the wind, to be suggested or expected; to be a matter of suspicion or surmise. [Colloq.] -- To carry the wind (Man.), to toss the nose as high as the ears, as a horse.
KNUCKLE: To yield; to submit; -- used with down, to, or under. To knuckle to. (a) To submit to in a contest; to yield to. [Colloq.] See To knock under, under Knock, v. i. (b) To apply one's self vigorously or earnestly to; as, to knuckle to work. [Colloq.]
BOOST: To lift or push from behind (one who is endeavoring to climb); to push up; hence, to assist in overcoming obstacles, or in making advancement. [Colloq. U. S.]
FOGY: A dull old fellow; a person behind the times, over- conservative, or slow; -- usually preceded by old. [Written also fogie and fogey.] 
OVER: -- Over head and ears, beyond one's depth; completely; wholly; hopelessly; as, over head and ears in debt. [Colloq.] -- Over the left. See under Left.
BULLDOZE: To intimidate; to restrain or coerce by intimidation or violence; -- used originally of the intimidation of negro voters, in Louisiana. [Slang, U.S.]
BACK: -- To put, or get, one's back up, to assume an attitude of obstinate resistance (from the action of a cat when attacked.). [Colloq.] -- To see the back of, to get rid of.
POKE: To put a poke on; as, to poke an ox. [Colloq. U. S.] To poke fun, to excite fun; to joke; to jest. [Colloq.] -- To poke fun at, to make a butt of; to ridicule. 
HARD: -- Hard pushed, Hard run, greatly pressed; as, he was hard pushed or hard run for time, money, etc. [Colloq.] -- Hard up, closely pressed by want or necessity; without money or resources; as, hard up for amusements. [Slang]
PATCH: 7. A paltry fellow; a rogue; a ninny; a fool. [Obs. or Colloq.] "Thou scurvy patch." Shak. Patch ice, ice in overlapping pieces in the sea.
COUNT: To count out. (a) To exclude (one) will not particapate or cannot be depended upon. (b) (House of Commons) To declare adjourned, as a sitting of the House, when it is ascertained that a quorum is not present. (c) To prevent the accession of (a person) to office, by a fraudulent return or count of the votes cast; -- said of a candidate really elected. 
OUT: doubt; free from difficulty or perils; safe. [Colloq.] -- Out to out, from one extreme limit to another, including the whole length, breadth, or thickness; -- applied to measurements.
RUBBER: 4. An overshoe made of India rubber. [Colloq.] Antimony rubber, an elastic durable variety of vulcanized caoutchouc of a red color. It contains antimony sulphide as an important constituent.
WORKYDAY: A week day or working day, as distinguished from Sunday or a holiday. Also used adjectively. [Written also workiday, and workaday.] [Obs. or Colloq.]
OUT: -- Out of one's head, beyond commanding one's mental powers; in a wandering state mentally; delirious. [Colloq.] -- Out of one's time, beyond one's period of minority or apprenticeship.
SLOW: Note: Slow is often used in the formation of compounds for the most part self-explaining; as, slow-gaited, slow-paced, slow-sighted, slow-winged, and the like. Slow coach, a slow person. See def.7, above. [Colloq.] -- Slow lemur, or Slow loris (Zoöl.), an East Indian nocturnal lemurine animal (Nycticebus tardigradus) about the size of a small cat; -- so called from its slow and deliberate movements. It has very large round eyes and is without a tail. Called also bashful Billy.
SHOT-CLOG: A person tolerated only because he pays the shot, or reckoning, for the rest of the company, otherwise a mere clog on them. [Old Slang]
WIGGLE: To move to and fro with a quick, jerking motion; to bend rapidly, or with a wavering motion, from side to side; to wag; to squirm; to wriggle; as, the dog wiggles his tail; the tadpole wiggles in the water. [Prov. Eng. & Colloq. U. S.]
